# DH150-IfuekoOsarogiagbon Assignment 2 
## Pilot Usability Test by Ifueko Osarogiagbon
### Introduction 
Nylon Magazine is a digital publication that houses news, op-eds, and interviews of famous figures and gamechangers in pop culture. Users are able to scroll theough the websites homepage to see the latest articles about everything within the real including celebrity drama, makeup releases, fashion brand launches, casting announcements, tv show reviews, and more. Users are also able to pick specifically what subject of article – beauty, fashion, entertainment, life, etc – they wish to read. 
After conducting a heuristic evaluation of Nylon.com, the most pressing usability concerns I found were a lack in symmetry between system with the real world notably with the way articles are arranged and issues with the website's search function impeding user control and freedom.
### Methodology
I intend on conducting a usability test in order to better understand the extent of the issues and how much they impact users' navigational ability.  Task 1 will involve the user identifying the most recently published article on Nylon's website in order to highlight how users interact with the structuring of Nylon's homepage. Task 2 and 3 will test user's ability to use the search function in order to find old articles from the website's archieving system so that I may have a better understanding of the limits on control and freedom Nylon.com's current interace has. 
Due to the current pandemic, the pilot usability test will be conducted remotely. I will be modering from my own room while my participant will take the test from a quiet place of their choosing. The test will be recorded through zoom. I will have the participant open two browsers–one for the test and the other for  the website– side by side. The participant will also have their screen shared so that I may guide them through the usability test. I will give the participant a general briefing of the usablity test, have them sign a consent form, and then have them do a pre-test questionnaire. Then the participant will be asked to conduct the three tasks while thing out loud. After these tasks are completed, the participant will fil out another questionnaire that gages their opinion about the website's usability and their experience taking the test. Finally I will have the participant fill out a 
### Survey Link
The pilot usability test's script and survey is [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1usLU6VJypg61NNnj9N8Vt6XFisOb418JdnO0p97RH54/edit?usp=sharing) 

### Video Link
The video of the pilot usability rest is [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1aBEpZIL6GmA174pVzBtM0fbTK2kLXeyJ/view?usp=sharing)

### Reflection
Conducting this pilot usability test helped me understand how much of an issue Nylon.com's interface was. Figuring out ways to investigate the usability issues I initially found in the hereustic evaluation was a little difficult. At times I wasn't sure if they way I had structured the task would result in information I could later use to improve the site's interface. I was also worried about making the tasks too repetive. Being a moderator was difficult because I was always worried that I was not neutral enough whenever my participant would ask me a question or attempt a task. I also am worried that I may have skewed the test by not catching that the participant at times would attempt to achieve a task using a different set of methods than the ones I had instructed them to take. Being a neutral but attentative and efficient moderator is what I would like to improve on. I would also like to improve on my ability to construct tasks that would best help me gain insight for further project revisions. 
